[PLAT-8046][yba][docs] Updated the kube-state-metrics version (#16573)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/prepare-environment/kubernetes.md

## Install kube-state-metrics

> To be able to make use of the YugabyteDB Anywhere [node metrics](../../../troubleshoot/universe-issues/#node), specifically the ones related to CPU, you need to install the [kube-state-metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics) version 1.9.5 or higher (Recommended 2.8.1) in your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to make use of the YugabyteDB Anywhere [node metrics](../../../troubleshoot/universe-issues/#node), specifically the ones related to CPU, you need to install the [kube-state-metrics](https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics) version 1.9.5 or later (2.8.1 is recommended) in your Kubernetes cluster.
```
